AI
Machine Learning
Deep Learning
Natural Language Processing -  used to analyze data and make predictions
Generative AI  - used to  create new content. 
                 e.g Grammer Checking, Sentiment Analysis, training data
                 can produce various types of content, including text, images, audio and synthetic data.
                  Use Case:
                  music composition, video synthesis
                  Gen AI helps bank employees effectively to find and understand information in contracts (e.g., policies, credit
                  memos, underwriting, trading, lending, claims, and regulatory) and other unstructured PDF documents 
                  (e.g., summarize the regulatory filings of bank X).

What among these falls in Predictive AI
-----------------
Conversational vs generative
Conversational AI
Creates human-like interactions through text and speech, such as chatbots or voice bots, by understanding 
and processing human language. It can improve customer interactions and service efficiency in real-time communication.
Conversational AI is trained on large data sets that include human input, conversations, user queries, and responses. 
However, chatbots that lack training can get stuck in loops when faced with nuanced queries, which can frustrate users.
Generative AI
Creates original content, such as text, images, or music, by learning patterns from existing data and responding to 
human prompts. It can foster innovation and revolutionize fields like design and marketing with autonomous creativity. 
Generative AI is trained on different sets of data to learn patterns that can be used to create content 
with predictive patterns.
------------------------
LLM

LLM stands for Large Language Model, it takes a prompt and identify, analyze language pattern and generate required new content. Because of large size of training dataset and large number of parameters they are called as “Large” Language Models.

Generative AI applications are built on top of large language models (LLMs) and foundation models. LLMs are deep learning models that consume and train on massive datasets to excel in language processing tasks. 

These applications are consumed by end users using crafted prompts to guide and generate new content from LLMs.

Based on the availability to end users LLMs are divided into two types:  

      Open Source
      Closed Source.
Open-source models are freely available for anyone to use, modify and distribute.

Example: - Llama2 from Meta.
Closed source models need to access through licenses and subscriptions.

Example: - Open AI GPT-3/GPT-4.
